Example of all sky camera picture of Aurora in Apitity, Humrnsk region, Russia
Lancashire Magazine May 31st 1763
Jukka Hakkinen (puheenjohtaja)
Peter's experiences with ET visitors
Les élections utilisées pour l'observation du ciel
Observations af 8700 Horsens
El estudio de los OVNIs
UFO reports
List of associations affiliated with F.A.C.E.L.
Comparison of Mexican and Swiss UFO reports
Document discussing the impossibility of certain phenomena
Document mentioning the prename of Amenophis I
Sketch of an object with a diffuse orange color and a rectangular shape
UFO-Fans im Alien.De-Forum
Bell-shaped UFO seen at Brighton
Bigfoot sighting at Crater Lake National Park
Manetone/African chronology corrections
UFO Canada CE3 catalog report on June 24th, 1974
Martin Gardner's review of Uri Geller
UFO-Fällen. Gleichsam gilt dies für die Behauptungen von "Colonel" Corso, der in seinen letzten Tagen allerlei Verrücktheiten basierend auf der amerikanischen Roswell-Pop-Kultur zum Besten gab.
Editor Jenny Randles
Lyset vekler mellem hvid, lysegul og orange
Unusually marked cobras from J.D. Romer collection
Observations of a meteor on Bornholm in 1988
Kvantitatiivinen analyysi historiallisia tapahtumia ja niiden vaikutusta yhteiskuntaan
Frank Edwards and the Nazi Untertassen
V.J. Ballester Olmos
35 gather in Safford to share tales of unearthly encounters
UFO abductions: A dangerous game
23 March 1999, Mexico - between 18:15 and 18:30 h Ortszeit
UFO report from Welland, Ontario on April 27th, 1978
Luis R. González
Sacred Stone at Wortham Church
Manuel Carballal
Big Triangle UFO sighting
Luis Ruiz N.
Michael Shalvis and his experiences
Gianluca Rampini's email address
Aéronautique Militaire à Washington, en 1989, qui crédita Exxon du commandement de Wright-Patterson en 1965.
UFO sightings at Leeds Bradford Airport
Strange lights in the sky
OVNI that congeled a ground area of 4 meters
Robert Bauval and Robert Schack
This is a factor that few - if any - writers stop to think about. And I do not just mean book writers (including myself).
Rex Helfins fotos fra 1965
Mr. Austin's reaction to the Stranger's statement
8.45pm sighting on Friday Nov.11th
75-80% of UFO images
Footprint found in Aralar, 2011
The author's experience with UFO sightings
Object with a discoidal form and dark color
L'astronomie et la lune
UFO claims reported in England on April 15, 1971
3.7 million people abducted in the USA
Dan Sperber
FOTO WILCAMINA
UFO sighting on December 15, 1947
UFO Times Mar (six per year with BUFORA sub 103 Hove Ave London E17 7WG)
Kirtland-Dokumente mit 'Vertraulich' oder 'Geheim'
Document mentioning Thomas Brophy's research on the Sphinx
10/- or 1 dollar 50 cents
Los ufólogos sensacionalistas sin respuestas válidas a numerosísimas preguntas
Kielätäväro
Belgian UFO sightings in 1980
22 caliber non-lethal tear gas revolver
M. B. is aged 74 years and paralysed with bonheur for six years
Dr. Leopoldo Diaz
Torben Birkeholm
Ghostsbusters movie and fan clubs
UFO seen hovering over area
Webb's analysis of vareloseobservationer
The Roman road at Feltham with Bedfont Lane branching off
Dr. Meaden's hypothesis about the circles phenomenon
Eric gathered firewood and I began to set up our bigfoot trap.
Editorial discussing the perception of rationality and irrationality in ufology
France-Soir: jeu. 3.8.95, n. 15859, p. 4: rub. Société
Jacques Vallée cites an informe con fecha 10 de octubre proveniente de la ciudad de México
UFO sighting in Durango, Mexico on March 9th
Sasquatch stories
The importance of science in our lives
Snake with legs and feet reported in Africa, 1899
Le C.E.R.P.I. va de nouveau demander à ceux que cela intéresse de participer à un séminaire enqueteur O.V.N.I.
December 21st 2012 started out as the prophetic day some had believed would usher in the fiery end of the world.
Skamania County Ordinance #69-01
Jacques Vallée et le JUFOS
Gloria Lee's interest in UFO phenomena
Mogens Nielsen-Ferreira and his sky phenomena
Distribution of cases of UFO sightings in 1977-1979
Document mentions a phenomenon observed in Piemonte
Phobos and Diomos, moons of Mars
Joan Nester, certified ophthalmic technician
Bigfoot fan's hair is on display
Bob Pratt traveled 80,000 miles a year
UFO sightings in California
John McCoy's article on the impact of UFOs on society
Page 7 of the document
UFO-Nyt udkommer med 4 numre årligt
Colonel's top secret report tells the facts
3,000 residents of Wytheville, VA, reported seeing strange shaped objects flying over the Wythe County area four years ago.
Kornkreise und ihre Wirkungen auf den Menschen
Out of the Blue
Television Psychic Bob Ferguson shows you magic words to command miracles of wealth, love, and health in minutes
UFO sightings at Deniliquin
28
Catalog fall of Magonia
James Oberg's New Scientist article on UFOs
Ed. Il Cerchio della Luna, 2008, euro 14
Cave Skylights Spotted on Mars
Ideal representation of Basajaun and Basandere
Jim Bigler's poem Dedicated To Noble Souls
Simiot image at church of Sant Saveur, Arles, France
Darvinistisen antropologi
Ano II N°7
The picture Dave Hills took of those mysterious objects
University of Ohio founded in 1872
UFO sightings in Aartselaar on 19/1/80
UFO boffins uncover alien sex attack link
Jeff Wynder sketches UFO he says he spotted
Scorch marks on the ceiling of the Grand Gallery
Review of 'The Airmen Who Would Not Die' by John G. Fuller
Bigfoot sightings in Skamania County
24th Annual National UFO Conference details
Letter from Russell A. Cloud to subscribers about the lateness of The Spacecraft
West Country sightings of November 11th, 1960
ADN de synthèse pour stockage de contenus
Eric Cohen's decision to focus on the 'Citizen Band'
Robot with a chain mail type thing on its hands
UFOs and their impact on human life
100 different flying disk designs
Ufo, come a Corio ad Avigliana
Robert A. Goerman, Director, OMEGUS Commission
UFOs in Mexico in 1950
35 cents for back issues
Witch Book by Gavin Frost and Yvonne Frost
Document about a robot with rubber bands and a curved ceiling
Skinhead groups and their participation in skinhead culture
Egypt travel in September 2007
Beam down to ROSWELL
Beagle 2 mission to Mars
A big ball beaming red light in Poland
Abominable Snowman of Ripollès and Cerdanya
Ray Fowler and the Andreasson Affair
Eric Cohen et le congrès d'ACAPULCO
24,000mph UFO buzzes Britain
SVAR FRA MILJØMINISTERIET
U.F.O.I.C. Newsletter June/July 1971 Office Bearers
Anthony Chapman, 15 and a friend, were playing on the old aerodrome at Hornchurch, Essex, at about 3:30 pm in April or May 1978.
Ivan Sanderson on the speed of light
Vehicle identification number 12
Document discussing the concept of 'dischi'
Charles Berlitz's book 'Dödens triangul'
Dan Wright, new Deputy Director of Investigations
Message from space or hoax
Kornkreise und Galileo
Un meteorito en Chihuahua
Flamingo shot on mud flats between Crouch and Blackwater, Bradwell, Essex
Distribution of UFO sightings per month
Chasing Flying Saucers
Lake Tahoe monster fish
Nella Filosofia Paleo S.e.t.i.
Document mentioning the Randi Foundation's million dollar reward for proof of psychic powers
Arctu, the Etherian
Eureka Springs, Arkansas
UFO observed by Vladimir Simoske in 1957
Document mentioning UFO sightings in Mexico
Jupiter's ammonia-rich atmosphere
UFOlogy is an ideal case to study
Jenny Randles, MIB: Investigating the truth behind the men in black phenomenon
Larry Warren's reputation was damaged by rumors
7 Juillet 1974, Sud de Funen (Danemark)
Unknown terrestrial life hypothesis
AFSCA Mobile Unit now in operation startles populace
Steve Rider's comments on the UFO conference
Larry and Peter's return to Rendlesham Forest in 1988
Unidentified object seen at Tihi Bay
Document about the Congress in Italy with Roberto Villamil
En Aveyron, aurait-on dépassé le mur du çon ?
UFO sightings on a clear, fricky night
Page 7 of the UFO Enigma document
Bigfoot literature and characteristics
Real Madrid's relationship with Nazi groups
They'll be back soon
Von Daniken's belief that the 'sons of God' were hybrid humans
UFOs and radar anomalies in New Zealand
Document discussing crop circles and UFOs
500,000 dollars paid by the U.S. Air Force to the University of Colorado
UFO sightings in Devon, England
Pseudo-Rätsel Kornkreise
Hunterfir optagelse
First photo taken with Canon IXUS 105 camera on June 16, 2012
Observation of a strange object in the sky on January 29, 1980
Sky-watchers spot UFO
UFO sightings in Holeby on July 27, 1998
Bob Pratt's favorite UFO stories
Raymond E. Fowler
Blank document page with a small tear on the left edge
The Lan Elless drawing
Kornkreisfälischer und auch Künstler unterwegs
Mr. Bellenger's experience with a cloud-like object
Phone call from a woman with a foreign accent on 12 October 1977
OAP Fu Yiting, 63, was sitting in front of his house watching the storm in the village of Liaocheng City in east China's Shandong Province, when he saw the Yellow-bellied turtle plunge from the sky and land on a patch of grass.
Anno 1 N. 2 Dicembre 1986
Jebel Uweinat and its significance in ancient Egyptian astronomy
Robert Wanderer in de NUFON UFO JOURNAL
Klass argues that UFOs do not exist
UFO abduction stories
Bartlow Hills engraving by J. Webb
M. E. Blackmore's views on evolutionary psychology
U.S. Army Regulation on UFO investigations
The Common Sense Approach To Ghosts by Robert L. Gruzdis
Photograph of a white-robed figure in a window
VULYA: for long interstellar flights, they are many hundreds or even thousands of feet in diameter, and have very large crews.
Gordon Millington born 22nd August 1922
Vapaauta on kyettty myös värin, vaikka Wessman pitäkin ongelmatapauksia harvinaisina.
University of New York and its contributions to science
24.3%
Review of 'The Masque of the Red Death' by Edgar Allan Poe
How to make others secretly do your bidding with the astonishing power of Automatic Mind Command
25 år
Steve Farrar picks up the Harston Files to report on the latest attempts to solve an 18-year-old UFO riddle
5,400 members of the Mutual UFO Network
Rythme Rapide Complexe
Hitler's interest in the history of religions and their impact on the Third Reich
Schnabel's claim to have created the 'charm bracelet'
Craig Roberts Der Mensch als Teil des UFO-Phänomens
Lutz family moved into a house for 28 days
Teen spots UFO in Cambridge
JOURNAL OF THE AUSTRALIAN CENTER FOR UFO STUDIES
large cats being reported in southeast Nebraska
Danish UFO report with image
Peter Robbins
Document mentioning the CIA and Gabon
The very first BBSs devoted to UFOlogy were born around the mid 80s in the United States
Robert P. Lurby
13,000 cases of aviators UFO
Skandinavisk UFO Information
Ylasalamoita ja niiden vaikutus maailmaan
Bigelow Aerospace Advanced Space Studies (BAASS) in FAA Air Traffic Organization manuals
Luftfahrtunglück mit Heißluftballon oder Sportflugzeug
Mike A. attended a UFO lecture
UFOs are real apparitions material
Ballymartin, July 15th, 1967, UFO incident
Brian F. Meader reading UFO Nyt
Ice balls falling from the sky
Berlingske Tidende 10/8 96
CD-ROM software for UFO research
Shrewsbury sighting on 16 October 2007
Frankeret med 2 stk. frimærke, udgivet den 8. oktober 1981
Professor Ohtsuki will be pleased by cereo,er cerea,logist, Lucy Pringle who, same day,predicted to the Portsmouth News that 'I think we are going to get circles of increasing complexity' this summer.
Claude SOURIS, 6, rue des Vendanges
UFO: Die grösste Herausforderung des 20. Jahrhunderts
New York Times article on the Sun
Michel Deschamps and his UFO sightings
Damien Simpson's speech at the Northern California Convention
Yellowish-orange object hovering over smokestack
Science Fiction TV Kanal
140 sikringer sprang paa Centralen
Crepuscular light photographed June 20th 2015 Gloucestershire
The Solar Transition Effect and its impact on leys
SUFOG : 01703 448194
Steve Rider appearing on The Big Breakfast
Daniel Fry and Gabriel Green with two local newspapers of July 11th at AFSCA Convention
Flying Saucers Over Mexico
Major Edward Moor
The year 1927 in the context of the Geisterwelt
Aer Lingus passenger jet had a close encounter with a mystery flying object over England
Rodney Holbrook's sketches of the object
Bigfoot hunter's collection put in museum
Claude Poher's work on the interpretation of UFO sightings
25-foot diameter replica of the alien craft in Roswell
Koge suppe
Page 62 of the document
Werner Walter UFO-Porsche
Adhesions to the S.V.E.P.S.
Reisepackchen in DEGUFORUM, June 2000
Jupiter mentioned more than once
Document discussing the financial situation of the CUN
Two women witnessed a strange sight in the east of Adelaide
Professor O'Neill
64 5 6 7 8 9 70 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Clare Michigan UFO sighting
12 inches high and weighed 10 pounds
Charles A. Maney's statement about UFO contactees
IUFOPRA Ufo Conference 1997 Ticket Application Form
Marit Semeleng
James Bjornstad's UFO photograph from 1967
Antofagasta 9-V-67
L'auteur et chercheur L A Marzulli décrit comment certains des crânes de Paracas sont différents de crânes humains ordinaires
Document mentioning the Nordbotten region in 1976
Date : 20 janvier 1978 - 19 h 30
Sighting of a pine marten in Cheshire in 1978
Kornkreise: Quest for Truth
The Daily Mail London August 24, 1995
Stig Ryberg and Gustafsson's meeting in 1958
The VIMANA and its description
Mack Theater film festival explores UFO phenomena
La valeur des informations qui sont utilisées questionnées sans discrimination
UFO sightings in Granite City, Missouri on January 30, 1967
Finn W. Kalvik's article in UFO-Nyt
Bright yellow oval object over Lake Conway
Document mentioning the effects of climate change on the planet
Document mentioning Duke University and its research on the moon
UFO occupants repairing their craft
Spotted Mole
3215 cases of negative landings
Contact details for the SVEPS
Observations of radioactivity during solar eclipses
UFO Centro Unico Nazionale Notiziario 1
UFO-Interessent Alex
UFO sightings in the UK
Masse des Teilchens entspricht nun der Masse des ihm zugeordneten Higgs-Bosons
U.F.O.s sighted over Jacksonville, FLA
UFOs over the city of Gallia
Document mentioning a car accident on March 17, 1977
Examining the Evidence of the UFO/IFO Petrozavodsk Phenomenon
Document with a BMC Mini saloon 'F' registration
Ma réponse à "... dossier bouclé pour diffusion générale Académie, presse Ufo et médias"
Miguel Blanco's experiences in the Caribbean
Claude Maugé
LA Line Blue Subvolee Bulletin
Document discussing the SETI project
25 g acceleration
UFO-Wahrheit und Abenteuer geschichten
Gordon Millington
20,000 years ago visitors from heaven
Giant squid washed ashore in Spain
Dan Aykroyd and UFO sightings
Mars Express expedition to the red planet
Analysis of UFO sightings in France
April 16th, 1979 sighting at Coachman's Inn
08/09/2016
BOLs are more fundamental than SOBs
B. ein "leichtes Glücksgesfühl"
John Spencer, BUFORA Chairman
2,300,000 stones
Cow died of lack of magnesium
Document mentioning a sighting at 2.15 meters
Kuglelyn i 1917
Picacho Peak UFO photograph
1950 and 1956 are the years with the highest number of UFO reports
El MEXCAT cuenta con un total de 673 reportes
Figure A showing correlation between two distributions
Eddie Gibb ventures into the 'Bonnibridge Triangle'
Mystery lights have Victorians asking What is out there?
Jean Miguères assassination
Ngata-like circles discovered in Taupo area
2001 MUFON Symposium Notes by Richard Moss
Visayan Warty Pig and its relative the Vietnamese Warty Pig
Mönchengladbach, Feuerwehr, 33-Jährige, Balkon, Papier, 100.000 Mark
Un certain nombre d'enquêtes furent ensuite exposées par un membre du C.U.N.
Reconstruction of the Poblet and its surroundings
Object found in Alcoy was seen for 3 days
Vice-president administratif
Mysterier fra rummet
Il parco sommerso di Baia
UFO-Nyt udgives af Skandinavisk UFO Information (SUFOI)
BOND: 'Maybe they're the chosen few'
Part 1 of Arthur Shuttlewood's "More UFO Puzzlers"
Gulf Breeze UFO
NASA astronauts successfully repaired a damaged solar wing at the International Space Station
Ignorées en librairie, des collections totalement inédites vous permettent d'accéder à des documents originaux, des photos exclusives, des confessions intégrales.
Un fenomeno luminoso attraverso tutto il Belgio
UFO sightings in Norway
The Cosmic Person
Bigfoot sightings in Pennsylvania
Cliff Lane to Calrofold Lane
Document mentioning the Coudray brothers and their visit to Bielsa
Document discussing the Apollo project and its political motivations
Personnellement à cette heure là, j'étais à Carmaux et je n'ai pas entendu l'explosion mais il semble que certains l'ont entendu.
Part I of the document
Triangolo luminoso a Viverone
Distance of Mars from the Sun
Shi Bo's birth year
Vår mest långväga åhörare var den kände amerikanska ufologen John A. Keel
Billy B. Waldeck's account of a UFO sighting
Contact with aliens either physically or mentally
Manchester Evening News feature on Jack Webb
Energiakenttä uskomuslääkinnässä
Object resembling a helicopter
160 outstanding UFO sighting reports
UFO SPECIAL 17
Tom Perrott's invitation to contribute to the British psychic scene
UFOs over mountains
Piazza dei Signori in Piacenza
13/7 1996
Satyr of Barcelona, 1760
Panoptikum des Absurden
Maurice Masse's experience with UFOs
Editorial discussing extreme temperatures and environmental issues
Libro de Job
Mysteriöser Kreis im Getreidefeld/Pilotin entdeckte rätselhaftes Muster
Document mentioning Venus and a jet-like object
Attention Fortean Readers
Big Grey Man
APRO Bulletin Volume 30, Issue 9
Fall Nr. 19970802 B
Rhine river salmon caught and fowarded to Paris
17 mars, SAINTE-MARIE
37% of the participants in the Latvian Hallusinaatioatutkutus project had hypnopompic hallucinations.
Assemblea ordinaria C.U.N. Milano 27 Aprile 1969
Why skepticism is important in science
Project CATARES was approved by the General Assembly of the same organization in June 1980
500.000 volumi custoditi nella Biblioteca di Alessandria
1977-1979
Micro potentials electriques enregistres sur un oeu de poula
Phoenix Spacecraft Research Association membership
Observations of the unknown flying object in Epinal, France in 1980
UFO Terror in Kuwait
George Hunt Williamson
Ron West Essex UFO Group
Mr. Les Locke's sighting reports from Western Australia
UFOs have serious survival implications for mankind
Mr. Harris and his wife delivered the following, which supplied several details correcting misconceptions in the original accounts of the previous witnesses.
IUFOPRA UFO Conference Issue 3, page 2
Le huit février 1977, un agriculteur d'AUPS Monsieur G.
Monkey can do a thing once it is shown how to do it
Comanding Leader as the main craft of the fleet
Captain George Wilson's report on UFO sightings
Los profesores decidieron no despertar a sus compañeros
Manetone and Erodoto's contributions to ancient Egyptian chronology
KKK hosted our 1985 National UFO Conference (NUFOC) in his home town of Fremont, California
The time scale for decreasing atmospheric CO2 from 1 bar to its present value by carbonate formation is estimated to be 10^10 years.
UFO sighting on September 3, 1982
Mrs. B. Rose's experience with a huge red thing
Hamburger Abendblatt, Ahrensburg, 12. Juli 2003
Aboriginal Carvings
Dexter/Hillsdale-Michigan-Sichtungen
Utahs contact UFO center about 6 bright lights in sky
Peter Gram og Claus Iversen
March 3, 1967 UFO sighting
John Price grew up near the old Roswell Army Air Field
Witness did not descend from vehicle
Arrival of the Draconids on October 10
Find a document mentioning Patrick Huyghe and his book 'The Field Guide to Extraterrestrials'
U.F.O. Study Group of Greater St. Louis
Ernst Meckelburg's book on time manipulation
The Sirius B Pendant
Figure 3 reconstruction of the object and its occupants
Document mentioning Mr. Grenot driving on the Pont de Saintonge on July 17, 1976
Eero skrek rakt ut av småorta och föll ner på rygg
Christian Brachthäuser's article on UFOs
Document mentioning 4% of azote and 20% of acid phosphorique
Valencia, 26 de abril de 1984
F-16 blau Licht
The role of the bourgeoisie in the French Revolution
Black triangular object with yellowish/white light
Det danske vej (Gyldendal, 2006)
26 décembre 1976
Observation site in Oost-Vlaanderen
Mars opposition in 1998
New experiments on light speed by Wang and Chiao
50,000 kr for a photosetting machine
UFO am Assuan-Staudamm fotografiert
UFO-Invasion metaphorisch entwickelt und gefördert wurde, um den Vorstellungen des bodenständigen Amerikaners entgegenzukommen
Steven Greer's Disclosure Project Part 2
Thule Gesellschaft: Isla Blanca, Corazón Negro
Bigfoot hair analysis by Dr. W.H. Fahrenbach
Remember, all correspondence to the spacerafter should be addressed P.O. Box 5024 Phoenix
Bermuda Triangle and O.V.N.I. in the Atlantic Ocean
David Clarke report on the crash
Distorsión atmosférica
Statt eines Würbels trat beim folgenden Heispiel ein Fortreiten nach unten in Erscheinung
crop circle articles 1989
Contact information for Life Dynamics Church
Langweiliger Pfingst-UFOs 2003
Bill Clinton asked for an investigation into UFOs
Julkaisija Skepsis Ry
Neanderthals and Basque folklore
Monster report from Sweden
Richard Muirhead contact details
Document mentioning flying saucers and Atlantis
Document mentioning the Triangle of Bermuda and its connection to the Bermuda Triangle
Smokestacks in an industrial landscape
La numerologia
DNA tests on Bigfoot hair
Bigfoot sightings in Walton County, Florida
Multinational Geschäft, Sachlichkeit, echte Sachlichkeit, Skepsis und Kritik
Rain of herring (young offspring) in Rossshire in Scotland in April 1828
UFO sightings in Villers-en-Morvan on August 11, 1968
Document mentioning Bologna 7 FEB (ANS)
Gesellschaft zur Erforschung des UFO-Phänomens e.V.
33-Jähriger psychisch krank
OVNI aux Canaries
SOS OVNI, numéro 18
Ufologicas Mexico septiembre de 1995
What is the pH level of the water in Maasaloma?
Black sphere with a hole in the middle
Document about Yurii N. Morozov's research on RIAP's videnskabelige komité
Design of Convair-Dosite-Lockheed for construction of an atomic powered aeroplane
De getuige met een vreemd voorwerp
AFSCA World Report new format designed to bring the latest and most interesting thought-provoking developments on the saucer scene
UFO sightings databases and their limitations
Report on Unidentified Aerial Phenomena
Fireball seen at Walnut Canyon, San Francisco, California
Page 24 of a document discussing UFOs
Einstein's unified field theory
Send ufo-mail til familie, venner og bekendte
The Bucks Herald of 5 October
The sighting of a cone-shaped object at Winsted, Connecticut
Military Helicopters Seek UFOs Over Woods' Home?
Mystery object was a meteor
25% of the effects are caused by AV
Object described by Monique O'Driscoll
Mr Don Bebidge being appointed as the local President and organizer of the Scy
Costly Lesson in the MUFON P.I.P.E. Line
Hypnosis Techniques presented by Dick Haines
Jerry Rolwes, retired Air Force lieutenant colonel
Find a document mentioning the work of D. Ubertini
UFO sightings in Florida
AFSCA World Report Issue No. 10
25 mm environ
Hydro Station in Lumsden, Saskatchewan
Nuova cronologia della dinastia 18/19
Cynthia Hind's involvement in UFO research and her contributions to the field
UFO sightings in California
Interview with Klaus Wehner and Hans Schäffler
Antonio Faliero et ses études sur les OVNIs
Bob White and the UFO encounter in 1985
Sasquatch sage suggests man-beast may make last stand in B.C.
Research experimental development in ufology
VII – Le bonjour de Denise, l'enfant des Etoiles et de MyrBel, en Aveyron
UNE FEDERATION POUR COMMUNIQUER
UFOlogien behaupten gerne, dass dies nur deswegen so sein kann, weil die Menschen sie wirklich sahen.
180 francs + 20 francs de participation pour port et emballage
The story of the Vance Orchard
Authentische Portraits von Christus
Mr. L. Burrell of Keswick, Suffolk
Subscription cost for SVL Tijdschrift
Genremischmasch
The importance of cooperation in British ufology
Animal with dog-deer hybrid appearance
Polish pilots report UFO sightings
Dr. Lonnie Kleiver, chairman of religious studies at Southern Methodist University
UFO Review subscription details
First authentic message from an U.F.O. announcing Irkutsk, Russia, Inner Siberia
Contact OVNI Cergy-Pontoise
UFO Research Organisation Probe Magazine Volume 2, Number 2, Issue 6
UFO crash at Aztec, New Mexico, 1947
Rythme Normal
Die Frage der Perspektive und des Zusammenschnitts von Bild und Tonmaterial können den Inhalt eines Berichts beeinflussen, bzw. Bild und Beitrag aus dem eigentlichen Zusammenhang herausgerissen präsentieren.
Darstellungsformen, die Auskunft über einen bestimmten Wirklichkeitsbezug geben
NASA has made a discovery on Mars
Number of UFO Reports Received by Air Authority During 1968 - 1969
Average size of a swapper
Intelligent people must reduce their population drastically, use its resources wisely, and develop a truly civilized disposition.
Felix, the ladder-climbing Fire Dog
The Swastika as a symbol of the Third Reich
Mesures de l'aspect
Document mentioning the day 3 of March 1984
William McNeff, Chief Invest. MUFON Minnesota
Document mentioning the construction of houses in Zurbaran
David Bowie: Is there life on Mars?
Document mentioning San Jose de Valdebejas
Satyr Barcelona
The Catholic Church has been involved in the investigation of Virgin Mary sightings.
CIA harasses UFO watchers
Editor's page of a newsletter thanking members for submitting unusual photographs for analysis
UFO sighting report by Mike Dobbs
Implant #2 characteristics and findings
UFO sightings in New Haven, Connecticut
The professor sat on the edge of his desk looking thoughtful for some time.
Document with a map of Epinal and a legend explaining symbols
SUPOI har i dette forår oplevet to sager med spor fundet i danske marker
National UFO Information Week 1985
Object seen from car was red/orange
Beyond the Speed of Light
Angolo Privato Giovanna Triolo
The cost of the SUFOG newsletter is £5 per year including postage and is published monthly.
Barbara Lamb, M.S., MFCC
Observation of a glowing object in Charente-Maritime
Cigar shaped object seen over Tokyo
Tracce d'umanità
John Price's re-creation of the Roswell UFO Incident
Superior aliens must possess an inbuilt motive for complete self protection against savages.
Flying saucer alert for French police
The significance of the number 5 in numerology
Appareil photo polarisé
Draco alter ex Raia exsiccata concinnatus
Thirty-nine students in Miami, Florida elementary school
BBC visit to Victoria canceled due to devaluation
The concept that Earth was the center of the Universe dominated scientific thought for centuries.
UFOKENT '98 - THE AFTERMATH
Avionic välttäjäaineiden and their effects on aircraft
2840-2570 BC
AFU Nyhetsblad 8, Okt-Dec 1976, bibliographic information
UFO report from International UFO Reporter, March 1982, vol. 7, nr. 2
Subscription to UTRIP Vol.II (1983/84) at US $15.00
Survey on Abduction Prevalence
Granite blocks in the Grand Gallery
Avi Adklip
Document discussing the experiences of Anatóli Ríos with OVNIs
Number of tenebres in the group
Les crânes allongés de Paracas au Pérou
Ejendommelige 'huller' i en næsten overskyet himmel
Impronte di Gesù libro di Daniela Bortoluzzi
University of Kentucky animal specimens with permission of Jim Krupa
Document with map of abduction location
Kornkreis oder Bubenstreich
Observation on 26-01-78 at 20:00 DNT
Antonio Crasto
UFO sightings in Denmark in 1982
30 kg of meteorite
Interview with Bent Eriksen (SUFOI)
9/11-Konspirationstheorie wieder: Das "Motorenöl" hierfür heißt: Verdeckt und verstrickt, überraschend und geheimnisvoll, monströs und raffiniert.
Astronomical Association meeting in London in 1960
Flying snake in Kansas 1875
Spektakulaire landing met ufonauten te Terrest in 1951
Close encounter in British Columbia
400,000 visitors annually
Stephen Mera and his UFO encounter
Pentagon's involvement in UFO research
Ballester I sales data
Présentation globale du cas
LaVerne Piote, a resident of Nashville, reported seeing a UFO
Bill Sanderson
Puget sur Durance UFO incident date
Director of Photographic Research
Stuart Holroyd's book on alien intelligence
Uri Geller's Weird Web
Ken Webster's involvement in SPR investigations
Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle
The Grand Gallery Resonators
Richard Crenna worked with John Mack, the former head of psychiatry at the Boston University School of Medicine.
UFO sightings in Goulburn Valley
Georg Lanz Von Liebenfels
Document mentioning Carl Axel Jonzon
Den 14. juni 1980 blev et interessant fænomen iagttaget over flere argentinske byer.
African Sightings
FOA's activities in Malållaskogen
The environmental and philosophical implications of the Hidden Unity
Page 6 Filmaciones OVNI en Italia, 1993
Curico geophysical study
Strange lights and objects on the moon
Consolmagno's belief that if intelligent life existed, it would be a creation of God
Document mentioning the term 'clic' during an observation of OVNIs
Was it the Same Sighting in 1973?
I drove home, put the car in the garage and looked out of the bedroom window (we are very high up) over to where I had seen the red and green lights.
India suggests a space station
Don Wilson, author of 'Our Mysterious Spaceship Moon'
Billy Meier, sein Kontakt und ufologische "Beweise"
AFU and SUFOI collaboration on archival materials
Ariel School and its students
Société d'Étude des Phénomènes Spatiaux
Appareil photo polaroid
Photograph of Pygmy Hippopotamus at South Lakes Animal Park
Le premier livre qui parut en France concernalement aux humainsoides
Red Arrows display on 9th of September
Flying Shreddie's second sighting
Letter from Skov- og Natursyrelsen to Landsforeningen with address
M. MICHOT's observation of a white object at 300 meters
El test de Asimilación-Retención
Scientific observation of UFOs in Antarctica
Scientists agree UFOs not spaceships
Document mentioning a person named Gonzales
Société française d'étude des phénomènes spatiaux
Lou Zinsstag's notes on film
Document mentioning Ciudad Juárez
On the Trail of Bigfoot
Liz Pearson on Seething Wells
FTP sites for file downloading
39-year-old woman left trembling in terror after a UFO encounter
Document mentioning Mr. Jean-Louis PROSPER and his car accident on July 21, 1976
Deputy Sherriff Val Johnson's encounter
animal with long hair and human-shaped ears
Columba's article on the White Flame Phenomenon
La questione della varietà
Glen Vaudrey contact information
The impact of science on society
The year 1710 is mentioned in the document
1960 Italian document discussing the origins of extraterrestrial life
Kohonen's unsupervised learning algorithm
SOS OVNIs
Observation of a luminous phenomenon on June 22, 1976
Mary Andover poem Dimensions Unfold
Nissepige på Mars
Bill Ford's sighting on January 31, 1998
Reference to Ballester Olmos, V.J. and Guasp, M. in the document
Un système météorique dans le bassin d'une méditation instrumentale
Untertassen - sind eine Realität
Christopher Dunn and his work on the Giza Power Plant
Un OVNI en la azotea
Extraterrestrial Odyssey book by Roger J. Kvan and Craig R. Lang
UFO report by the Soviet Academy of Sciences in 1979
UFO Briefing Document - The Best Available Evidence
UFO with a beam
Document mentioning Mission Peak, California
Whatcom County a 'refuge' for Bigfoot
The response of UFO researchers and the public alike to the Lorenzens' new paperback 'The Flying Saucer Occupants'
Extraterrestrial Contact: What Will It Mean For Humanity?
The accuracy of observations of UFOs in the USSR
Postage and handling rates for books and videos
UFO sightings in Michigan in 1971
San Luis Valley Skull is six inches high and 3/2 inches wide
Document mentioning the contact process and its evolution
Jacques Vallée
Yu. V. Patov
UFO with a height of 18 meters
50 cents a copy
Distribution of UFO sightings in Oaxaca, Mexico
UFO Fans, Wirklichkeit, Traum, Venus
AV! FOR SATAN I HELVEDE
Time Distribution in Iberian UFO Activity
Oxford zoologist Peter Macdonald
Jerry Clark on the birth and genesis of the airship encounters in the USA
Page 112 du livre de Mr Guteu
Photograph of a person named Esplin
Mars water channels
Det var orange med en tydelig 'kugleagtig-form'
Distance of 1 km
Document discussing the role of photographers in UFO observations
April 1st 1950 VIERBACHEN TAPELATT
People start pollution. People can stop it.
Sad but not to my great surprise, the chemical composition of the small object studied under a scanning electron microscope proved that the implant was of identical structure to a dental filling.
UFO sighting at Church Lawford
Document mentioning the TRADOC and its role in the development of non-lethal weapons
Maureen Ween, new Secretary to NIC Larry Dale
Horseshoe crab found in Hawaii
Meldrum, author of Sasquatch: Legend Meets Science, got the idea for the blimp-based search
The Flying Saucers were real
Ed. Robert Laffont
Atmospheric refraction causing images of stars to appear in the sky
APRO membership cost in the U.S.
haplo groupes - Stockage en ADN de synthèse
Vanguard 3 satellite sighting
Christopher Dunn's work on the Giza Power Plant theory
Christian Brachthäuser
200 years ago, Sir John Herschel reported on lunar eclipses
Document discussing the Italian skeptical journal "Scienza & Paranormale"
UFO-Film experiment by Reiner Wisser
Include original negatives for photographs illustrating work to be published
J.A. Fernández Peris
UFO sightings reported by Colin Norris
Vicente-Juan Ballester Olmos
20 kr gift man in a store
Italian researchers and UFO image analysis
UFO sighting in Londonderry, September 1980
12 November 1978 UFO sighting
Richard Wilmot disturbed something in the Bugle Hotel's kitchen
Comparison between French and non-French cases according to Pohrer and Pohrer and Vallee
Variation brusque du rythme au moment de la décision de l'expérience
OVNI aux Canaries
2905.1992 Rhône
Diane Baquet of Imnaha stands at the edge of Crazyman's Point high above her house along the lower Imnaha River
Gigantic Kette aus Galaxien im All entdeckt
Robert Dale Owen believed the Baron had witnessed the return of a departed human spirit, or a ghost, in the traditional sense of that word.
The estimation of size and height of an object in the sky
Marian Butler's story about a UFO
Circles of mystery in grain fields
Alien's regular meetings serve as a kind of self-help group for contactees
Taipeing Institute Taiwan
The primary colors of light are red, blue, and yellow
Patterson film analysis
Unknown Creature Reports in Nebraska, Part 1
Image of a zeppelin and people
Peter and Jenny on the toll road in Florida
3312-Pedersen
UFOs are not the only strange things in life
Kenneth Arnold reported seeing 'flying saucers' flying near Mount Rainier, Washington, U.S.A.
The Microwave Auditory Phenomenon (James C. Lin)
Marcel Delaval's article on Italian sightings in 1977
Document mentioning the Colorado University's aviation experiments
27/ Perspectivas Ufologicas, 6
Bill Bequette and Nolan Skiff interviewed Kenneth Arnold
The Church's approach to the concept of visitors from outer space
Uranus has a diameter of 51,112 km
Himmler's role in the SS and his influence on the organization
The Mothman Prophecies
Plasma physics and nuclear bomb explosions
Skepsis was founded in 1987
Document mentioning the closure of the area marina protetta in 2002
Vox Populi celebrates the 48th anniversary of the flying saucer
Council 1976/9
Pilots sight UAO over Pyrenees
26-27 August, 1979
UFO Update magazine
José Ruesga Montiel
Document mentioning Ray Santilli and his attempts to persuade the cameraman
Contact number for Paolo Toselli
Manchester Skywatch UFO newsletter from September 1973 with a talking point about psychic activity
Ed Dames and the Taos Hum
Michel Vasin and Alexander Shcherbakov
Foo-Fighters: résurgence du passé
40 kilometer
CBS claim that UFO disappears to the west
Alberta cattle mutilation expert
Barnsley events of 1904-1905
UFO sighting in Viborg, Denmark
David Coote's review of Star Trek: The Motion Picture
Document mentioning Captain Hamilton and the town of Dillons
Mexican UFO distribution by month
NASA og nu bliver Europa, Rusland, Japan og Canada inviteret med.
UFO sightings in Maine
UFOs seen in Russia
Sovjetisk ufo-arkiv
Tristan Falconer (17 yrs old)
Manuel Borraz Aymerich and Jose Ruesga Montiel
Quantum information theory in Michael Crichton's 'Timeline'
Price of UFO Vision issue 5
Manninen's color mysticism
Editorial about BAE and NCAE participants
NASA Langley Research Center wind tunnel tests
Rymdhjulet, a space station built by material from the moon
Figure 3. Nu är meddelandet begripligt, tre varelser kommer vandrande hand i hand.
David's connection with Bigfoot
Cuadernos de UFOlogia
Bigfoot sighting stirs 3-year-old memories in S.D. town
Gianni Vattimo
Document mentioning Steve Curry
Tristram Jones' complaint about the latest issue of 'Saucer Smear'
Interview with Jean-Luc VERTONGEN
Observation of an object in the sea on January 21, 1977
San Luis Valley UFO sighting
Taupo can expect visits from UFOs
Bigfoot sighting in Glacier National Park
Société Varoise d'Étude des Phénomènes Spatiaux
George Hunt Williamson also got a hammering for parodying his PhD degrees and awards in American Men of Science
UFO sighting reported by William Dixon
Septiembre, 1995 / 14
¿Y QUE NOS DIGEN DE LAS FORMAS DE LOS OVNIS?
Voluntary work for an interplanetary investigator
Four scored circles discovered in Auburn, IN
Flying saucers crash in New Mexico in 1947
Robert Bauval and his work on the correlation between ancient Egyptian monuments and the stars
Document mentioning Madame Amalia
Creative thinkers and wishful thinkers
An Alien Love Song
Mission Ares
Joe Muskat's estimate of 80 percent of UFO reports being genuine
UFO report checks, says pilot
Mars Global Surveyor image of tunnel structures on Mars
Victor Viggiani has one of the toughest jobs in the universe.
Goslarer Kornkreisexperte
Cardiff giant tooth measurement
AFSCA World Report issue 11
Mutilated cattle found in Salliquelo, Argentina
Hueytown hum
21:30 h war die Erscheinung nach wie vor in Sicht
NASA's forskningsprogram 'Mission to Planet Earth' har opdaget, at plantevæksten på den nordlige halvkugle er vokset med 10% i perioden fra 1981 til 1991
My thanks to reader Haydn Brearley for bringing news on a story you may recall from the recent past where press reports alleged British Snail (er Rail) was developing a UFO look-alike revolutionary propulsion system for its slow-speed trains.
Forma del objeto y características del mismo
Dan explained his own theories about what he saw that night.
Unidentified flying object report from Stroudsburg, PA
Blackmore's statement on hypnosis
La Nuova Ferrara, 7-10-93
The Aztec city was built on a lake
Messina 28 de junio de 1993
The influence of music on the skinhead ideology
Document mentioning Luis Ruiz Nogués
U.F.O. Theories - Excerpts
Further lights sighted on July 25, 1983
Document with a translation of a Brazilian newspaper article
Kolmakowin mukaan minä ja saimaiseen lehteen heinäkunun lopulla kolumnin kirjoittanut
Publication date of the China Ufo Research Organization
Number 9 in numerology
UFO Solution This Way!
Mental communications in UFO encounters
Möglicherweise bin ich diesem fehlenden Glied in den letzten Monaten einen Schritt näher gekom- men, seit ich mich mit der Theorie von der Ursprungs-Bewusstseins-
Vuoden 2000 käsikirja
Bigfoot does not use fire
Jacques Scornaux
1954 photograph of Nessie
The First Award will be $1000.00
Reisen durch Schwarze Löcher
ANALYSIS OF AN ANOMALOUS IMAGE FOUND IN A DMSF WEATHER SATELLITE PHOTOGRAPH
Document about Ramón Márquez
Graham Sheppard's sighting
Nils Mustelin
UFO sighting in Cherry Creek, New York, USA
Article on internet security
Chat Sauvage Indien or Indian Wild Cat of Vosmaer
Document mentioning Montezuma and the green fireball
Seal taken near Chester, May 1766
George Hickinson and his video image
Laboratorio de Investigaciones de la Fuerza Aérea
Japansk UFO-parti
Document mentioning 'Virtuolos'
Human abductions and extraterrestrial phenomena
Kornkreise im Kraichgau gelten vielen weiter als Rätsel - TV-Tipp
The National Geographic came out with about the sea bottom
UFO sightings in Lancashire
Crop circle mystery continues
UFO Information Magazine, Issue 1, 1977
Jimmy Carter and the presidency of the United States
Vancouver B.C UFO sighting
Meier's photos of Billy
Un caso negativo que no
UFO photograph taken in 1958
1957-58
Gray Barker
Observation on the sky at night
The number of circles reported in 1990
Arrowhead Saucer over Dallas
Report No. 1 on April 8, 1967
Call Maria at 1-293-9543 or Peter at 1-884-2199
Eudy's encounter with a UFO
Pravda's stance on UFOs
Magazine Reviews by Ernie Sears
Photographer Daniel Ubertini
Filmaciones OVNI Un ejemplo: 1993 en Italia
UFO poltergeist interaction in Ontario, Canada
Ed Riddle's involvement in UFO investigations
Puebla UFO incident in 1978
Les anciens numéros de la revue sont disponibles
Dr. Leir documented his research into alien implants in The Aliens and the Scalpel and Casebook Alien Implants, available at local bookstores and Amazon.com.
NORAD denied having anything to do with the incident
Why would aliens choose to abduct people from lower castes or social status rather than those in positions of authority?
UFO seen over Patea
MUFON National News May 1985
UFO-Wirklichkeit durch die offiziellen Quellen hinaus, um ihnen all die eigenen Probleme in die Hand zu geben
Kidnapped To Venus
Document mentioning 999,999 as a number of cases
Vorzugsleseart des Zielpublikums (= Kunden in einer Wertschöpfungskette) abgeklopf!
Page 5 of the star chart
Markku Myllykangas
Encouraging comparative studies and experimental approaches in ufology
DNA results unlikely to end long debate about Bigfoot
Sketch of the UFO shape
Auditors of conferences on ufology
Agnes Sanborn, new president of Phoenix Spacecraft Research Association
Hieroglyphic inscription on a stone wall
Christian Page OC.I.P.E. MUFON Quebec
Red ring sighting on September 20, 1995
UFO Handbook by Allan Hendry
Die nächste Sache aus Österreich enthalt ebenfalls MILBS in Bildern
Anthony Woods UFO sightings in 2002
Ringwood Library Talk 24th August 1998
Stefan Pfiffner and his discovery of Kornkreis
Lizard four feet long, supposedly of the iguana family
Skepticism in science
The case of the flying saucer on the moon
Jefferson Sainio
Maurice Masse
Large black cat sighting
UFO sightings and emotional reactions
The cost of the television-telephone communications system
Interferenzmuster Licht Wellenlängen
La présence de la méridienne continentale et de la méridienne de Paris traversant le département de la Somme dans la largeur Amiens - Montdidier
Observation of seismic activity in Cúrico
The Gulf Breeze Sightings: The Most Astounding Multiple Sightings of UFOs in U.S. History
UFO sighting over Zennor
September 1, 1993, Ceranesi, Italy
Malcolm Robinson
tracks of unknown beast
quantum mechanics
Acknowledgements for Australian Saucer Research
General Castro CAVERO and his actions
Blackpool, Lancashire
The Moa of Victoria, Australia
UFO sightings perplex police, weather officials
What They Say section of The Swamp Gas Journal, Volume 2, Number 2
Document discussing the difficulty of categorizing UFOs
FOA avslöjar sig
Page 13 with handwritten text and drawings
50 Jahre UFOs Sichtungen, Begegnungen, Erfahrungen John & Anne Spencer
Avvistato oggetto luminoso a Canosa di Puglia
El testigo siempre suele ocupar un segundo plano
Laser on the piazza of Uscio
UFO sighting in Gorkij
Michael Lewis UFO Research Association
Earth moves in an extra-terrestrial way
Canon Powershot S 50 camera
The transformation of a croissant into an OVNII
Scott H. Colborn
UFO sighting in Lynchford, Australia
Anchor Hotel, Lowestoft
UFO-Entführungsfragebogen
1955 wurden von diesem Departement einlaufende Meldungen über UFO-Sichtungen auf den Stadtplänen registriert
UFO tracks car incident on 3 July 1978
UFOs and alien encounters
Mondes, die Dämmerung eintritt, wann mit Sternschuppen gerechnet werden muß und mehr Selbstvertrauen bietet
Michael Clark's second alien creature was born in ammonia solution on Monday, Jan. 23, 1967
Distribution of extraterrestrial sightings in Mexico in 1965
Editions BELGON
Bright yellow object with flames shooting from its tail
UFO rings considered a hoax
If God has children on different planets he would visit them, the way a father would visit his children in different parts of the country
UFO sighting on February 4th, 1994
110 mk or 55 mk Skepsiksen membership fee
Cornfield mazes are a growing trend
Benito Manuel Carballal
Mr. Mailing may have been absentmindedly braked whilst trying to accelerate.
Erling contacted Fouluum, who advised him to contact the authorities
The number of magazines being produced is being reduced
Oscar García regresó del congreso del MUFON en Richmond, Virginia
The Earl of Clancarty (Brinsley Le Poer Trench)
Document mentioning Timisoara in September 1964
Testimonies and data used to evaluate memory capacity
Puget sur Durance event on May 16, 1976
UFO Newsfile is published bi-monthly with all back issues available.
Ethical considerations in publishing
Finnish pilot who flew for the Finnish Air Force
Copy of 'Sixth Sense' book by Robert Hale
Re Clro's idea to hide their existence
Vague d'OVNI sur la Belgique
Atlantis reappearing
Document mentioning David Ferry and his connections with the Mafia and anti-Castro activities
Grizzly bear fur
Area 51
UFO Sommer 2003
What is 'proof' regarding Bigfoot?
